content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Silas Alberti 

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
# role: Professor of Artificial Intelligence

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
# organizations:
# - name: Stanford University
#  url: https://www.stanford.edu/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

# Interests to show in About widget
# interests:
# - Artificial Intelligence
# - Computational Linguistics
# - Information Retrieval

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
  - course: Stanford University
    institution: Ph.D. Student, Electrical Engineering
    year: 2022 - present
  - course: University of California, Berkeley 
    institution: Visiting Student
    year: 2021
  - course: LMU Munich
    institution: B.Sc. in Mathematics & Computer Science 
    year: 2019 - 2022

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:contact@silasalberti.com'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/SilasAlberti
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/silasalberti
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/silasalberti
- icon: instagram
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://instagram.com/silasalberti

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`, 
# and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Prior advisors:
# [Prof. Gordon Wetzstein](https://web.stanford.edu/~gordonwz/)

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---

I am a PhD student in machine learning at [Stanford University](https://web.stanford.edu/~salberti).
I am co-advised by [Stefano Ermon](https://cs.stanford.edu/~ermon/) and [Chris Ré](https://cs.stanford.edu/~chrismre/) and I am broadly interested in foundation models and theory. I am affiliated with [Stanford AI Lab](https://ai.stanford.edu/) and [Center for Research on Foundation Models](https://crfm.stanford.edu/).
My undergrad was in Mathematics at [LMU Munich](https://lmu.de/en/), where I was a research assistant at [Prof. Gitta Kutyniok](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gitta_Kutyniok)'s chair for Mathematical Foundations of AI and helped coordinate the DFG-funded priority program ["Theoretical Foundations of Deep Learning"](https://www.dfg.de/foerderung/info_wissenschaft/2020/info_wissenschaft_20_36/index.html). 
Moreover,  at [UC Berkeley](https://www.berkeley.edu/) I was advised by [Prof. Song Mei](https://www.stat.berkeley.edu/~songmei/) and conducted research with [Prof. Bruno Olshausen](https://www2.eecs.berkeley.edu/Faculty/Homepages/baolshausen.html) from the [Redwood Center](https://redwood.berkeley.edu/) through [Machine Learning at Berkeley](https://ml.berkeley.edu/).

Last summer, I was a quantitative trading intern at [Jane Street](https://www.janestreet.com/) and for the past 2 years I was working as a part-time software engineer at the startup [Fulfin](https://www.fulfin.com/eng/). Currently building [Intern Chat](https://intern.chat).

<!-- {{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/CV Silas Alberti.pdf" "newtab" >}}CV{{< /staticref >}}. -->

Commit message:

Update about Cofactory and DeepMind

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Silas Alberti 

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
# role: Professor of Artificial Intelligence

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
# organizations:
# - name: Stanford University
#  url: https://www.stanford.edu/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

# Interests to show in About widget
# interests:
# - Artificial Intelligence
# - Computational Linguistics
# - Information Retrieval

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
  - course: Stanford University
    institution: Ph.D. Student, Electrical Engineering
    year: 2022 - present
  - course: University of California, Berkeley 
    institution: Visiting Student
    year: 2021
  - course: LMU Munich
    institution: B.Sc. in Mathematics & Computer Science 
    year: 2019 - 2022

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:contact@silasalberti.com'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/SilasAlberti
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/silasalberti
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/silasalberti
- icon: instagram
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://instagram.com/silasalberti

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`, 
# and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Prior advisors:
# [Prof. Gordon Wetzstein](https://web.stanford.edu/~gordonwz/)

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---

I am a PhD student in machine learning at [Stanford University](https://web.stanford.edu/~salberti).
I am co-advised by [Stefano Ermon](https://cs.stanford.edu/~ermon/) and [Chris Ré](https://cs.stanford.edu/~chrismre/) and I am broadly interested in foundation models and theory. I am affiliated with [Stanford AI Lab](https://ai.stanford.edu/) and [Center for Research on Foundation Models](https://crfm.stanford.edu/).
My undergrad was in Mathematics at [LMU Munich](https://lmu.de/en/), where I was a research assistant at [Prof. Gitta Kutyniok](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gitta_Kutyniok)'s chair for Mathematical Foundations of AI and helped coordinate the DFG-funded priority program ["Theoretical Foundations of Deep Learning"](https://www.dfg.de/foerderung/info_wissenschaft/2020/info_wissenschaft_20_36/index.html). 
Moreover,  at [UC Berkeley](https://www.berkeley.edu/) I was advised by [Prof. Song Mei](https://www.stat.berkeley.edu/~songmei/) and conducted research with [Prof. Bruno Olshausen](https://www2.eecs.berkeley.edu/Faculty/Homepages/baolshausen.html) from the [Redwood Center](https://redwood.berkeley.edu/) through [Machine Learning at Berkeley](https://ml.berkeley.edu/).

Last summer, I was a quantitative trading intern at [Jane Street](https://www.janestreet.com/) and before that for 2 years I was working as a part-time software engineer at the startup [Fulfin](https://www.fulfin.com/en/). Currently building [Cofactory](https://cofactory.ai) which is part of [AI Grant](https://aigrant.com). Moreover, I'm a student researcher at [Google Deepmind](https://deepmind.google/).

<!-- {{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/CV Silas Alberti.pdf" "newtab" >}}CV{{< /staticref >}}. -->
